TT Precision multi-bit screwdriver popup
we're coming to you live and uh Hey guys
want to say hi to YouTube hi woo let's
go so we are man this has been so much
work to bring bring this product to life
if you guys have watched our short
circuit videos anytime we're taking
something apart lately you'll probably
have seen our new Precision multibit
screwdriver and maybe our bit storage
case including detachable magnetic Parts
tray um but this is the first
opportunity for people to try it in
person and we are not only going to be
getting people's live Impressions so
that you can buy with confidence on LTT
store.com but I am also going to be
challenging some members of the crowd
today to beat me at a computer or
Electronics disassembly reassembly
challenge of some sort they handed me
these two sheets of paper literally four
minutes before I went live so I haven't
even seen any of the challenges but
before we do a challenge I am supposed
to unbox the Precision screwdriver ah
yes here we go packaging designed by the
one and only Sarah but featuring kind of
an x-ray view of our Precision
screwdriver it's made of anodized
aluminum and features an incredibly
strong magnet to help keep your bits in
place these bits um you need need more
like our underwear if you want to keep
the other bits in place uh what what if
you didn't want potty humor you could
tune into a different Channel anyway the
point is the magnet's nice and strong so
you can not only hold on to small
Precision screws but even larger screws
or our bits um it has in-handle bit
storage for up to three bits this is
something that's pretty cool if you're
working on a project where you
realistically don't need that many bits
but you want to have quick access to
them and you don't want to dig the the
entire bit storage kit out of your bag
or whatever the case may be so those can
sit in there for you like that this by
the way also uses magnetic action
compared to the retaining pin in our
full-size screwdriver so it
should functionally never wear out but
anything wears out it's kind of how I
never like to say anything is waterproof
because water literally makes canyons in
the earth so nothing is
waterproof uh it uses a ceramic hybrid
Ball Bearing in the top so not only does
that give you incredibly smooth action
in your palm when you are using the
screwdriver or if you prefer the finger
on the top but it also acts as a
phenomenal fidget spinner and hey do we
have any of the um the alternate bit
ends here can someone bring me those I
can show you they are actually swappable
so if you like the flat stock one you
can go with that but if you prefer a
convex yeah here we go here we go here
we go so these are user swappable if you
prefer a convex top we have that
available to you as well and that's
great for palming and then if you prefer
the concave top that's really great for
people who like to put the finger in
here and then spin it this way or
however the case may be and we've got a
little kit of all the different ones
that you can uh just SP on my desk pad
it doesn't matter uh we've got a kit and
you guys can swap it out with whatever
you like uh and that's everything I'm
supposed to say it's $29.99 us available
now LTT store.com and don't take my word
for it being any good how long is your
leash and Andy H how far can we go we
can go a little bit we can go a little
bit yeah I just want to hear from
someone who's uh tried it out next to
the competition how much here here here
I got your I got your train bride okay
here we go here we go all right let's
let's come on over to the table where
people are trying it out do do we have
enough tether yeah yeah we got some
tether hey what's up guys this is the
table where people are uh trying out our
Precision kit next to competing
Precision kits uh talking to the members
of the engineering team and design team
who worked on everything from the uh the
ID of the product to the functionality
of the product to the packaging so we've
got Sebastian over there we've got Sarah
we've got tinan uh Kyle was kicking
around here a little while ago but uh
let's oh hello hello sir uh can you can
you tell us have you have you tried out
our Precision driver have you tried out
some others what you I sold on one the
other ones like there everything is a
screwdriver and it will drive the screws
but I like with the Precision one that
the fidget part about that that's that's
what sold it we see you we see you yeah
we know our audience because we are our
audience it just goes it just goes folks
fantastic I want to try putting an air
compressor up to it we've tried it uh
hey hey tinan tinan U when you blasted
it with the air compressor how long did
it go
for Sebastian how long does It Go for
with the air compressor the air
compressor minutes 3 minutes apparently
also and it breaks the bearing so don't
do that oh okay uh okay don't do that
we're not encouraging that warrant yeah
we have told you the answer so you don't
have to find out for yourself okay let's
find someone else who's trying it this
is completely unscripted guys so for all
I know they're going to tell me that
it's crap and I'm crap and you're crap
what do you think hold on we got a mic
we got a mic well I uh bought it before
I had a chance to take a look at it I do
need a new screwdriver just for like
fixing things up like I'm trying to pop
open my steam deck get a new back cover
cuz that broke exactly but honestly good
tool good tool for the job and I'm about
to try it for the first time wait you
haven't tried it yet I haven't had a
chance to well why are we even talking
to you there all right all right let's
see oh that's a different fit hold
up I put random bits in the top I
wouldn't even try real funny if there
wasn't a Phillips in here no there isn't
I put completely random ones in there no
no there's Phil there's Phillips in the
bit all right I don't want to mix the
bits oh jeez there we
are all
right is there a screw in here no I
gamble super super hard at these kinds
of events because I have no idea what
people are going to
say oh I didn't mention the diamond uh
Diamond
nerling nice and grippy like I spun the
I spun the thing for the the stickers
and stuff but yeah know that is is it
not magnetic yeah it's magnetic oh it is
magnetic okay I'm just I'm just you're
going to have to get the screw
open oh don't quit my day job oh I I
feel it could be a captive screw no no
we got it we got it
all right the bit now now what are the
odds of us losing this
screw I assume this has been tested
before nope oh there we
go LTT first let's go all right
fantastic let's get let's get one more
first impression maybe from someone
who's actually tried it this time got
him who's uh who's tried out the driver
and some of the competitors here all
right okay let's let's get some somebody
dropped the badge let's get get some
unedited thoughts did did you did you
buy one today uh no I have not B one
you've not bought one okay so what are
you thinking um get in there b get in
there um it seems really not oh is that
outside of this magnetic uh so instead
of a retaining pin like on the fullsize
driver we use a magnetic mechanism which
we switch to for a
more satisfying feel and for better
durability in the long very long term
the retaining pin mechanism is still
very good but yes so they're so there is
a magnet that you screw can stick to the
side that's not a feature that's just
all right just a thing but this is
magnetic here yeah yeah awesome what
what what Precision screwdriver kits
have you tried today or do you have
experience with in the past over here
today okay the moo yeah this one
um the bearing at the
top these two um this
one uh kind of rubbery not the best this
however
really nice it's extremely satisfying it
feels durable and all metal this one is
like rubber plastic the bottom line
though the bottom line are you going to
buy one you don't have to there's no
pressure uh I probably probably if I
have enough money in my bank account I
will all right cool awesome what are you
going to use it for what's the first
project you have in mind uh probably
just messing around with my computers at
home I tend to take a lot of stuff apart
I've murdered several laptops but
relatable all right let's make our way
back to the
set well that went well you know you
never know uh we did have we did have
some people that gave us some pretty
pointed criticism when we did the popup
at the original screwdriver launch so it
is never a guarantee what people are
going to say but that's what we believe
in right like if that's our whole thing
as an independent media organization
then we have to believe in people having
access to unfiltered independent
viewpoints when they're making a
purchasing decision Vision so
uh I'm breathing a little bit easier now
than I was when we started this exercise
but uh hey you got to practice what you
preach right I have no idea how many
people are even watching this hey Dan
how's the stream going are people
sending in any merch messages yeah let's
see we've already got
uh Do not sit on this table get out of
my table we've already got 66 uh 296
orders and we've been live for 14
minutes oh can you wow yeah thank you
very much for your patronage folks um if
you're not sure how to send a merch
message all you got to do on LTT
store.com is add an item to your cart
and when we're live streaming you're
going to see a little box there to fill
out a merch message don't send a Super
Chat don't send twitch bits any of that
stuff uh we believe that if you're going
to throw money at your screen you should
get something in return like a high
quality product a t-shirt a screwdriver
uh I don't know we we have we have a a
towel we have a pretty etic we have a
pretty eclectic selection of uh of
products on LTD store.com so uh we might
respond to you Dan curate some merch
messages for us to reply to on the
stream I got some already okay so we'll
do a couple of those right now or Dan
might reply to you via text or forward
it internally to someone who can get you
an answer but one way or another we will
try and get you some kind of
acknowledgement even if it's just a
little popup at the bottom of the screen
thank you so much for your merch
messages Dan do you want to show us how
the curator cards work love the content
what was your favorite part of the
newest scrapyard Wars oh oh oh you
cheated
okay I talked to Luke after the show he
was ribbing me so hard he was like
yeah my favorite part my absolute
favorite part was oh dude oh I just
thought of another one oh it's so good
this it's by far the best scrapyard Wars
ever scrapyard Wars 9 okay it's tied
it's tied oh no I thought of a third one
okay it's a three-way tie between Sammy
nailing the blind box penguin dude that
was such a moment you have like it gets
cut down in the edit but you guys have
no idea how long we sat there
deliberating which blind box to buy
because we knew the judge we were
pandering to and I think I think that
play I think that play put us over the
top also absolutely love sniping Luke on
that deal on Craigs List knowing at the
time that he was going to go for it and
buying it just to block him dude and the
fact that we were right love it and then
my third favorite is
when Luke completely not knowing it was
us messaged us trying to buy something
that we were trying to flip we figured
out it was him and like we're like haha
good try Luke when we totally could have
sold it for more than we ended up
selling it for if we had sold it to Luke
so those were were those were my three
favorite moment oh man number four being
in Disguise and getting recognized
because I pulled up in a dbrand rap
Porsche tyan what why would you do that
I didn't I well so I thought of it dude
I thought of it I parked in what I
thought was the back but I didn't
understand the layout of the housing
complex so he saw me drive
up anywh who we should probably uh okay
oh actually Dan you want to hit me with
one more merch message sure let's See's
more for the people hi lonus and
everyone at the popup shop thanks for
updating my screwdriver collection of
all the computers you have ever owned
which one was your favorite my computer
is a PC of thesias I still have thumb
screws in my computer from probably
about
2003 or 2004 so I intentionally do not
replace things that I don't have to
replace until probably two years ago I
was running a D5 pump that was I think
by the end it had served me for almost
10 years like I I don't believe in
buying stuff to replace things that are
perfectly good that's one of the reasons
actually that we went out of our way to
make our screwdriver can someone bring
me an iix IT kit from the table there
please we went out of our way to sell
our screwdriver driver separately for a
reasonable price and we made it drop in
compatible even if it's not quite the
exact same shape cuz we had some of our
own ideas about ergonomics but we made
it drop in compatible with iFixit kits
because if you guys already have like
perfectly good bits you shouldn't be
replacing those we don't want you to
replace those if you don't have bits by
all means buy some from us we've got a
really nice kit that's got built-in you
know magnetic screw management and stuff
like that like Yeah by all means we'll
sell you that but we don't want people
unnecessarily wasting and we don't want
people to see this as like you know an
Fu to iix it they are a longtime valued
partner of ours uh their mission is
something that we are 100% aligned with
uh we're going to continue to work with
them as long as they want to work with
us and we are absolutely never going to
be able to approach their scale in terms
of the replacement parts the
Partnerships that they've built with
companies like valve for example for
replacement parts for the steam deck um
all the guides that they have like this
is this product is not nearly as useful
without I fix it so just want to shout
those guys out we love everything that
they do it's just that I'm real
particular about my tools and there were
some things that I thought could be a
little bit better for a more premium
product we're not even really price
competitive with them and so that's why
we created our Precision multibit
screwdriver that simple but yeah we
don't we don't want people to waste
right why don't we not waste any more of
your time and jump right into our first
challenge which I will be learning about
at the same time as our first contestant
so come on up who's our who's our first
contestant these are just these
are these are randoms from the crowd and
you can tell cuz he kind of looks like
an NPC in cyberpunk no no I need that
you can't cheat off this all right are
you ready for our first good are you
ready for our first challenge not really
do you know how to build a PC it's been
3 years so no perfect cuz we're not
really building one we're upgrading one
we need more
storage oh okay we have two Min Forum
PCS here and we need to upgrade the nvme
SSD oh no so this larger one has a
little bit harder screws to remove but
in the smaller one you're going to need
to pry it open to get inside so you're
going to flip it over undo the Phillips
screws on the bottom all right your
choice you don't want to pry the plastic
no okay all right I don't want to break
it yeah I I get it I get it all right so
you're going to flip it over undo the
fillips head screw CR replace mvme screw
it in screw it back up and whoever's
done first wins a glorious prize there's
a prize there's a prize I thought the
prize is just beating
him I'll keep the prize so you win a
bonus prize true but if you lose you'll
still be leaving with a lovely prize so
try your darnest and let's see who wins
I'll count you down and on go you'll get
started now it's not that I don't want
you to have the
prize but I'm a very competitive person
I don't know anything to the point my
computer blue screens every time I wake
it up so okay so what you're saying is I
shouldn't have to try that hard no
either that or you are the most devious
PC repair shark that I have ever
encountered all right all right unboxing
your screwdriver there you got to be on
the same same plan field oh yeah yeah
yeah you can go ahead you can throw it
inside your kid there you
go all right I'm going to way all the
way down want to on go 3 2 1 go all
right Dan do you want to hit me with
some merch messages while I'm uh sitting
here working on computers oh absolutely
all right let's do it let's see what we
got getting my first 1.5 LTT
screwdrivers any plan to make colored
end caps for the Precision love me some
blue do we plan to make them uh Hey
chewy do you want to go get some of the
Creator Edition end caps we've done sure
I'm not sure if that's something that we
really want to talk about yet but um we
just talked about it hey we're talking
about it check this out check out check
out this magnet action Andy so I undid
this
screw look at the size of that screw
boys let's
go can't even get it off I should ad ad
meant I'm missing my mom's b day for
this worth it you already lost
regardless of the outcome I told her I'd
buy your dinner so okay all right okay
maybe with your wonderful prize you can
give it to her hopefully all right oh
look at that oh man you're in trouble
brother I
know oh whoops I'm trying to I'm trying
to undo an .2 screw with a
flathead the flattest head is mine Dan
hit me with another merch message sure I
got loads here sh hey lldd I love your
screwdriver backpack and shirts look
forward to this one too what's your
biggest regret technology-wise what do
you wish you had learned sooner or not
gotten into to start with oh man I think
my biggest regret technology wise is
more something that I haven't gotten
into I have had sitting at the top of my
personal too list document for probably
3 years learn some 3D modeling because I
think in this Modern Age with how
gamechanging
um like additive manufacturing uh like
3D printing has become there's just no
excuse for not being able to make basic
things like a little adapter or a little
wall mount or something like that for
yourself and it's something that I've un
has fortunately taken off at a time when
it's easy for me to lean on the crutch
of having one of the incredible members
of my team do it for me and so I just
haven't really learned it and I I I
would like to I'd like to set aside some
time for myself to do that because you
know when I put in the time I can get
pretty good at things but when I don't
spend the time it's just it's so easy
you got kids you got the company you got
a you know marriage to hold together
when you're you're kind of hard to get
along with sometimes right oh hey here
we go this is great so check this out
guys these are some of the experiments
we've done
um you you can absolutely get a
Precision screwdriver today the end caps
are swappable if you're just tuning in
we have encap sets that have either
convex concave or a black uh a black
regular one to sort of change up the
look of your screwdriver and in the
future is possible that we will offer
multicolored endcaps or special edition
end caps this is a really cool
experimental one that we made right now
though these are going to be exclusive
to creators just like we did Creator
editions of the regular screwdriver and
sent those out to uh some of our some of
our favorites in the tech and repair
space uh we're going to let them be the
only ones to have the special colors for
now but here's a here's a good look at
some of the Andy are you going to yeah
here's here's a good look at some of the
things that we have in mind from our
anodization partner pretty cool
huh I don't know which one's my favorite
I love this pink just the kind of luster
it has it reminds me of like uh like
those Pearl style helium
balloons that's very Niche I'm trying to
kill time for you while I know I told
you I don't know anything here yeah so
here there's some there's some technique
there's some technique to it okay so so
you want to you want to use the oh yeah
no these screws are a little tougher
okay so I would say probably your best
technique for these is this but my
screws were a little looser so I was
able to kind of take the top and spin it
with the nerling the cool thing about
Precision drivers is there's as many
ways to use them as there are kind of
people out there um and and you you used
it I used it wrong no you're doing
you're doing great you're doing great
yeah see I should have done that yeah
see it takes a little bit of has a
machinist I would know this but no
you're you're doing great you're doing
great it's nerves it's nerves okay so
what's his consolation prize cuz I think
might have won consolation prize today
is a signed short circuit banana signed
by me great that's awesome congrats man
thank you man that's limited there's not
many of
those all right thanks for playing three
more right here all right take
care all right who am I taking on next
Dan do you want to hit me with a merch
message while they bring up the next
contestant sure might as well uh when
are we getting LT power
tools okay we have some pretty cool
ideas for the power tool
space we have a lot of expertise to
build up internally I think that we're
going to take a lot of the learnings
from our uh oh uh is Nick
somewhere I Nick light Nick
light Nick light uh I saw him I saw him
earlier
uh well anyway we have a project hey
look we have a surprise
contestant all right well we'll get to
that in a second but we have a project
we're working on that's going to teach
us a lot about lithium batteries and I
think that that's something that we're
going to have to learn about before we
were to tackle anything resembling a
power tool oh good it's Nick light yeah
yeah okay so no I'll get to you in a
moment sir um the thing that working on
the have we talked about that at all uh
no okay so I probably shouldn't talk
about
that I would prefer if you didn't okay
okay I respect that I respect that okay
yeah I respect that do do you actually
though no I do I do I do well cuz we're
still pretty far away on it I will I
will I will say it's a totally new
totally new development for us um and
should we just say like what Nate's
specialty is to give people a hint I
said we were going to learn a lot about
batter
sure I think that's a fair hint okay all
right okay thank
you Nate's been I think that's been his
main hey yo like when did Nate start cuz
that's been his main project basically
day zero right yeah it's
been it's over a year it's over a year
just to give you guys some idea of how
how new this is that's not all he's been
working on he's working very hard all
that stuff no no I'm not saying that I'm
just saying there's been a lot of
development and there's
there's been a lot to learn um and we're
not we're not going to accept it until
it's great has to be perfect yeah sorry
bad word not the p word but it has to be
great so is band okay um okay where'd
Luke go where' Luke go does it is there
an extra challenge that we can have Luke
do or I I don't know can can can Luke
participate is he allowed to participate
what am I doing uh well I'm people are
competing against me to do some kind of
electronics thing
and uh why we have a challenge for you
two oh nice all right this is a very
technical challenge that requires this
screwdriver in particular okay Luke's
already got a head start it's who can
spin the endcap the longest oh wow he's
got particular practice in this but Luke
it will be winning for the crowd okay I
can see we're both already like well the
sand blasted side's a little grippier
lining it
up that's the that's the thing I like
about Luke it doesn't matter how low the
stakes are he will compete to the point
of exhaustion I don't even know what the
stakes are um are you ready get one shot
one shot on go okay and Dan are you
going to hit us with some merch
messages okay three nice and tight Andy
two one
go crap I think I might have gotten a
Bad spin I might have gotten a Bad spin
I didn't spin it very oh no I'm going to
lose oh boy that was not a good spin
that was not a good spin I lost so hard
Dan hit me with a merch message and I'll
try and kill some time while we wait for
him to win oh my god do you have a
bucket list of lmg moments that you
still want to
achieve oh man that's a good question I
go vacation without stressing it's still
going we all know that's never going to
happen oh brutal I got absolutely
destroyed I just that like dude I there
we go okay what's his prize what am I
giving up today all right why don't you
pick some from the crowd to get a
prize oh okay uh I like the
LTX all right nice oh congrats on your
wooting keyboard there you
go I like
this it actually works the winning the
winner prizes are pretty good let me
have a
look steal my oh thank goodness keyboard
there all right enjoy it thank you okay
we're ready for our next contestant yeah
let's go all right come on
[Music]
upus all right well I'm one in one today
so uh the way I see it I'm du for a w
here Marcus would you say you're a gamer
uh yeah sometimes would you say you're a
retro gamer not really but I do
sometimes enjoy retro games all right
well good luck this is SK Stick it to
them you're going to replace the analog
stick in a GameCube controller for your
instructions you will flip the
controller over use a y bit to unscrew
the six screws that hold the back of the
GameCube controller together you're
going to take apart the controller Don't
Be Afraid some buttons come loose you're
going to get to the front PCB where the
analog stick is attached pop it off
replace it with a new one uh and they're
keyed so make sure you put it in the
same way uh seat all the buttons back in
the right position in the front of the
controller you got to make sure they're
all in Linus no have and don't take all
the buttons out I would I would never
take the buttons out and not put them in
all right except in that short circuit a
little while ago exactly and then you're
put the two halves of the controller
back together and screw it back together
wow this is a big one okay do you feel
confident this Marcus nope lonus do you
feel confident in this um I have never
personally worked on this particular
controller so I'd say my confidence is a
three out of five three out of five well
five we will give you a head start
Marcus when you get three screws undone
then L's going to start cuz he's a three
out of five it's only
fair unbelievable all right why don't we
get started take a look at this
beautiful screwdriver too what do you
think are you going to get one today I
already have one we love to hear it yeah
it's awesome Screwdriver from what I've
seen there's still things that I can
glean from watching him I can figure out
where the triwing is Dan why don't you
hit with a a merch message get him
distracted wow yeah let just track L wow
you're going to be like that y lonus i
inherited a house recently and I'm
shocked by how expensive seemingly
innocuous house things are what was the
most unexpectedly expensive thing for
your house oh my God I don't know if it
was unexpected because I literally
worked in the industry before um but I
still got sticker shock and still was so
upset to get my first quote for house
painting I was like bro if I don't spend
this money I literally lose tens of
thousands dollars worth of having to
replace my siding at some point in the
future but if I do spend this
money I'm getting like 500 bucks worth
of paint and I'm spending like $6,000
worth of people hucking it at the wall
and I and and respect for the people who
do that job it's tough It's it's sweaty
labor it's like very intense and it can
be scary sometimes getting up high and
you know fighting with paint sprayers
and kind of equipment that doesn't
always work real well but uh yeah it
just sucks how much it costs um I'd like
to take this opportunity to talk about
something that doesn't suck if you've
been paying very close attention you
might have noticed
that our bits are a little bit longer
than the standard bits that you might
find on a lot of other Precision
screwdriver sets and that's not to say
that the entire bit is longer we didn't
want to have super long bits because we
didn't want to have like the world's
thickest bit case but the shank is a
little longer so that means that when
you're tackling a project like this uh
like this GameCube controller you can
actually get into this recessed area in
a way that you wouldn't necessarily be
able to I just to warn you you are way
behind I poor man AB have a job to
do you he he's nailing this so far what
is happening over here he's going so
fast what happened to the motor I we
won't test the game to controller so as
long as it looks together you're
probably
okay oh my God you know I do respect the
hustle I thought all the piece had to be
inside but um at least this bumper does
have to be inside cuz you can see this
can you I'm I'm catching up boys you
know we want to see lonus loose so I'll
let catch up Bo
uhoh no the screwdrive the screws came
out what did I just do what did I just
do okay all right L you could win I
think I've got everything lined up slow
and steady slow and steady the race slow
and steady wins the race ladies and
gentlemen uh you might be going a little
too slow and steady oh what happened to
my what happened to my stupid thing here
get the oh get this get this thing in
the thing I need the thing in the thing
I can't get it in the
thing here we go here we
go no I can't get the thing all right
Dan can you pull up some merch messages
for Marcus it seems like he'll be done
early okay let's see Marcus uh I don't
know love the team's energy is a
Precision a good match for the
full-sized LTT screwdriver what
synergies were discussed uh Precision a
good screwdriver it works well I don't
own the big
one for at this man a big one and I'm
done
no beat by three screws four lus exactly
the Head Start all right what's he
walking away with your priz today is a
144 gaming monitor from MSR oh my God
thank
you
what this feels even better cuz it's
coming out of linus' wallet what wait
whoa whoa whoa whoa hold on time
out why is that zip tie outside of the
controller there's a zip tie uh that
looks right to me yeah I don't see a
problem the challenge was to replace the
stick whoa whoa whoa whoa Marcus you
better leave if you got to take this m
you got to go the shoulder button
where's the shoulder button that's like
the little brother controller it just
looks like I have a shoulder button in
mind
shoulder get out of here thank you
there's your large screwdriver as
[Applause]
well I'm calling that a moral victory
for me wait he doesn't have one of he
doesn't have one of the
silicone the the membrane he you didn't
see anything you didn't see
anything I
won I won that's not even that's not
even a question not even a question all
right we're going to do another bonus
round who would you like to challenge uh
oh I mean I'm I'm just a part I'm just
I'm just here to have fun I'm just here
so I don't get fine crowd pick your
crowd I want no Bel can pick Bel can
pick go for it uh uh
you come on
up
perfect you want to get some practices
and it's going to be a spin challenge oh
it's a spin
challeng I was just informed by the one
and only Dr
Robotnik um that we have apparently sold
through half of our initial order of
precision screwdrivers wow so if you
guys were hoping to get one um no that's
actually a problem um gapping out on
inventory is like not good um so if you
guys want to get one you may want to
stop waffling uh okay what's your name
Caleb uh sorry Caleb Caleb perfect uh
what what are what are we doing today we
are doing another spin challenge with
Caleb winning for the crowd and and
yourself so on go you'll give it one
good spin okay are you ready I'm ready
three better this time two one go all
right I got a way better spin this time
I got a way better
spin dude I'm slowing down faster again
I still think you might lose dude dude
what how am I how am I losing all of the
spin challenges this is ridiculous you
suck
well I did tell you guys earlier this is
live it's unfiltered I'm going to have
to take any medicine I get all right
fine you win you win what does he win
congrats a not yet released LT cross the
ridge wallet oh seriously yes that is
not out yet don't s SC it fantastic all
right well congratulations thank you and
uh why don't we why don't we get him a
fulls sizee screwdriver as well why
don't we get him a full sizee
screwdriver as yeah why don't we get him
a full size screwdriver as well all
right cool thank you so much Caleb
congratulations
Caleb they're Shadow Boxing all
right uh Dan you want to hit me with a
merch message sure let's see what we got
here when do you think uh when you think
about tech knowledge do you feel it's
more valuable to be an expert in one
thing having the answers at hand or more
of a generalist who knows where to look
for expert answers the generalist and
the experts are both valuable and you
answered the question for yourself
because you said right there the
generalist who knows where to look to
for the answer who do you think you're
going to get it from I am nothing
without the expert I think I am a pretty
solid generalist when it comes to Tech I
know just enough about just about
everything to be dangerous and I know
who to ask and I know the right question
to ask but I am nothing without the
subject matter expert experts whether
they work at the manufacturers or
whether they work at UH third party uh
validation Labs like like portrait for
example or whether they're in our
audience shout out the ECC Squad the
error check and correction Squad that
looks at our videos early and will let
us know hey I happen to have 18 years
experience of this and if you change the
wording this way it would be a little
more correct like massive shout out to
those guys um you know whether it's our
internal experts we need both of those
things in order to bring you guys the
content that we do and to hold ourselves
to the standard that we want to reach
and we still make mistakes we're still
going to make mistakes we're going to be
human forever that's never something
that I can promise we will stop being
but we need both of those pieces in
order to do the very best that we can so
no I can't I can't say one is more
valuable than the other because that
would just not be true all right what do
we got next are we ready for our third
Challenger we are ready it's
Brandon all
right let's go the way I'm counting it I
have a two in two record right now so
this is for you be wrong but I mean you
could feel like that I have a two and
two record right now so this is for the
win this is for the win for me we'll see
about that I'm not going to go easy on
you question for you guys do you guys
happen to know the time no no no no no
we got to do we got to do this we got to
do the stown
you got to do the fist you gotta do this
oh yeah right right right I don't us
lean in like
that all right let's go that Meme you
know uh do you guys happen to know the
time I just got described as it feels
like I'm looking at a meat he's always
Yip yapping isn't that crazy always Yip
yapping I'm Yip yapping you're Yip
yapping that is some s tier trash talk
right there see we'll see how this goes
he's the one trash talking let's see
well I don't have an intro anymore but
timing is key and this you'll be
replacing a watch battery in this old
cast digital watch how dare you call
this old this is classic vintage vintage
all right retro step one you're going to
use the Sim eject bit remove the strap
by pushing out the pins that connect the
strap to the watch face on both sides
using a Phillips bit you'll unscrew all
four screws on the back base that holds
it together with Precision absolute
Precision then you're going to remove
the back of the watch and remove the
Rubber seal around the housing using the
Flathead bit you'll pry the battery and
logic board from the housing and using
that same Flathead bait you're going to
release all four tabs that hold the
battery tray onto the logic board so we
need to take out both straps yes sir
they're going to remove the battery from
the battery tray and replace the battery
with a new one make sure the Panasonic
logo is facing down so it's going to
face down on the battery tray okay
attach everything back together put the
rubble Rubber seal back seal it up and
if your watch power's on You've
Won you don't ask for much do you L do
you how confident do you feel in
replacing a watch battery
I have done it before it's been a very
very long time I generally don't work
with things this small um I don't
believe that I don't believe my wife
would probably be good at this you know
usually when I do this I have guide but
uh you know we we'll do it blind okay
all right all right we have no advantage
in this one and the the way the sun has
moved in the sky it's making the back of
my legs hot my like my butt sweating now
uh I've got the Sun on the back of my
legs which is not not helping my my
palms are sweaty Dan switch to the butt
a little the butt cam no butt cam that's
extra per month these are heavy
arms H sorry all right on go I'm ready
three two 1 go all right Dan hit me with
a merch message all right let's see what
we got here closet guy again finally can
use all the gift cards I saved up for a
year why is virtual link discontinued
the fact that I need to use an adapter
for a standard connector on psvr2 is
suck um I think it basically came down
to a total lack of adoption uh it's
pretty cool that uh that USBC Port that
you find on Nvidia 20 series uh gpus and
then AMD included them on only their
highest end of 7,000 series I don't know
what was up with that
um I love it but only for reasons that
don't really matter oh my gosh I can't I
can't get I can't get these pins out
just skipping the straps honestly I
respect it you know what it's a battery
I'm going to get the battery out we'll
do that okay see what happens I got the
scraps off um yeah so one of the things
that man my hands are so sweaty I can't
get the bit out dude that trash dog
worked you're in his head man yeah no
kidding he I live in a head Renford dude
what was I even talking about right
right right right right so one of the
things that I think is really cool about
it is it allows you to pass through a
USB port to a VM alongside the GPU
without worrying about any kind of
conflicting
um uh without worrying about any
resource conflicts which is applicable
to almost nobody especially today now
that antiche makes gaming in a VM
basically a nightmare good Lord is he
ever ahead why did you say I had to
remove the rubber straat or the could
have just ignored me so far it's working
if you just ignored my instructions you
could CH all the time anyway that is
such that is such a hack you dirty okay
so no that's you lus you claim that I
have to remove the Rubber seal but I say
I don't need to remove the Rubber seal
so let's try not removing the Rubber
seal I'm also going to use a SIM tool
instead of a flathead so she's getting
off the rails okay uh let's see can I
can we really call this
repair well it's
something oh dude you got to get these
little okay no I do need the Flathead
will have to change tools no I don't
need the Flathead I can do it with the
SIM removal okay I've got the back cover
off mostly oh my goodness is this ever
obnoxious brenon looks like he's running
away with the lus all right hit me with
another merch message all right let's
see what we got my hands are shaking the
pressure's on for lonus and Luke do you
think more phones should have gimmicks
and Unique Designs like the phones of
the 9s to O I.E folding covers rounded
body sliding keyboards and screens I
think most phones have screens honestly
no um
those ones were bad don't remember those
ones were not nice to use they were
mostly pretty terrible in fact we did a
video recently looking at a bunch of
those gimmick phones and kind of mostly
just laughing at them there were a
couple that I was like oh yeah I missed
that that would be awesome but for the
most part no they were they were trash
dude hey hey hey hey hey hey hey why is
he getting why is he getting tips over
there why is he getting hints no no no
oh my God definitely bent some stuff uh
on the way back in line has to do the
straps though so well that's that's
totally
unfair I only have to do the straps
because I followed the instructions
listen you're on line of tech tips you
don't get an advantage here you know
short circuit we're for the people oh my
goodness dude I can't I bent these
little tabs and I can't unbend them I
have to take the whole thing back out oh
no oh
no oh man this is what you get for
rushing I think that is the main
takeaway here is that you should never
hurry uh okay is that why you wanted me
to take the rubber thing out oh dude you
totally don't have to take that out
that's not that's not an advantage at
all you just have to slide it in the
right way which I totally didn't
do oh man I am I am getting dunked
on oh and it turns on Andy we have this
year it does turn
on you know what I'm not going to be the
guy who doesn't finish the marathon just
because just because the outcome of the
race has already been determined I'm
going to finish
it I oh
no a merch message he can do a merch
message we got a prize for you as well a
TI that's what was on the line he did
say he would just take the bragging
rights we thought about not giving him
anything but we gave him the 380 what
the heck heck LTT store.com guys woo oh
my goodness oh that watch is mangled
that watch is mangled dud watch watch
it's going to work it's going to work
did he into fix it for you no no no I'm
going to I've got this I I have 100% got
this you wouldn't even believe how much
I've got this all my friends called they
told me lonus you've got this I'll put
these bits back doesn't have any
friends oh boy all right Dan hit me with
a merch message sure let's see what we
got uh hi my son just started college
and is going to study software
development and cyber security how was
your time at college and what did you
take from it steal or like learn I don't
know
I I didn't get the piece of paper but I
did learn a lot it was still a valuable
it was still a valuable experience and I
wouldn't undo it there's there's lessons
that I learned there's classes that I
took that absolutely do help me in my in
my current career
however um I do think I might have gone
in with the wrong mentality I think I I
went in with the goal of getting a
degree and I think what I should have
done was go in with the goal of getting
an education um and so I think that um I
think you know our generation was told
get a degree get a degree get a
degree ha and and I don't think that
that was necessarily the right uh yeah I
don't think that was necessarily the
right mentality so um it was good it was
valuable especially if you're getting
into certain careers it is absolutely
necessary like I I got a lot of the
benefit of a University degree without
actually earning one because Ivon and I
were able to afford a home with my
income and with her creditworthiness
because her degree meant that she was a
pharmacist immediately out of school and
um was able to earn a much better income
than me at that time so
there's
no one right answer for everybody is
what I would
conclude all right I am putting this
back together now
finally no comment Dan hit me with
another merch message sure let's see
what we've got hey lldd I mean it's just
lus I don't know where Luke went will
you be doing more newsletters the last
main one I think was the minor screws
they're nonfer screws yeah I already
yelled at Seb about that it it doesn't
stick to Titanium I was very upset okay
all right sorry sorry sorry um will you
be doing more newsletters the last main
one I think was the minor backpack from
earlier this year we are absolutely
going to do more newsletters it's just
something
that is hard to find the time to work on
when we're so busy like making products
and it's really like it's a really silly
thing right because a lot of the the
newsletter has such interesting parts of
the story of the creation of the
products that honestly you can't really
fully understand it without that
background and like it I don't know it's
so it's so integral to uh to to
understanding and uh and appreciating
the work that the team has done but
we're so busy making it that we just
kind of get tunnel vision sometimes so I
think it's just a matter of us finding
the time
and I think I put this in the wrong way
oh
hamburgers hot dogs yeah I hate them um
hate hot dogs come on man hot dogs no I
don't hate hot dogs I hate it when I put
it in the wrong thing in the wrong from
the wrong side I couldn't tell that the
holes were different sizes and I put it
in the wrong way does this happen a lot
to you lonus yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah
yeah all but three times kind of just
starting to feel bad
honestly jeez
I can't I can't get I can't get the pin
back in I can't I can't get the pin out
I need Pliers are we working on LTT
pliers no coming soon how about tall
pliers come
on
go
back
out hit me with another merch message I
got to stall for time yeah sure sure
sure sure sure any plans to make more
jigs up puzzles I like the CPU one and
felt like Sarah could design some pretty
good ones uh I don't think it's sold
particularly well so I think that
experiment is in the rearview mirror uh
I legitimately need pliers I cannot get
this out um if you know where my
backpack is I think Ivon has my backpack
it has a pair of pliers in it why don't
you do the other side because uh yeah I
can do that all right so let's figure
out which side is
this they both look the same
size how am I supposed to tell the
difference
all right I'm just going to hope for the
best then I know there's an arrow on it
I see the arrow but I can't tell if the
arrow is the arrow to slide it in or the
arrow to slide it out it looks like The
Arrow to slide it out I don't work on
watches a lot
okay okay that one was easy that one was
effortless I wonder if whoever put this
in before put it in wrong cuz I have
such a hard time taking BL BL the person
who did it before no no no no no no no
that was so easy to put in you saw how
hard it was for me to pop these out you
know Chase is the one who practiced all
this he's not here so I'm going to blame
him blame Chase I like thate okay here
I'm going to try putting this in this
side oh dude no I this is this is at
least partially user error and at least
partially my user error this went in so
easily
now I just didn't know what the arrow
meant if the arrow meant slide in that
way or slide out that way it slide out
that way didn't have any issue with it
yeah you know what yeah cuz yeah watch
where's his watch now all right GG here
I'm going to do one of these all right
enjoy he ate the watch oh yeah now the
watch is somewhere yeah here you go all
right we have one more bonus round to
end out the stream oh so I can still tie
you could you could I can still have a
tying record this is for all the ridge
wallets we have left for all the LTX
Ridge wallets all right here we go I'm
going to close my eyes and pick someone
again
I think one of these bearings is a
little better back there come on
in what's her name I saw Aaron Aaron
good luck uh did you switch the
screwdrivers no interesting interesting
CH did he switch to
screwdrivers okay this is a fresh
screwdriver these are uh these are
prototypes some of them don't actually
have the best bearings one of them is
not as good you should have taken the so
you're already coming up with excuses
out he that's interesting going do the
live boxing right here okay
it's number 49 nice nice just 20 away
from the funny
number I rip a box you actually don't
need any of that for this you don't need
any of it you're just going to spin the
top yeah we're just doing a Top Spin all
right on go we'll see who can spin the
longest three two one
go okay Dan hit me with a merch message
sure uh love my full-side screwdriver
have you considered making a tool kit to
hold all the different tools you have
made Allin
one am I going to lose again yes we have
um we haven't made anything like that
yet we do have a bit holder coming
that's really cool and magnetic uh but
we don't have an all-in-one holder for
everything there are some really cool 3D
printed designs that you can
find dud you're screwdriver how are you
losing just take your wallet take your
wallet get out of here you can give some
of these to three of favor people in the
audience yes all right you have to give
them away though you have to give them
away put your they're not all for you
Andy follow him make sure out take
one it's hard isn't it it's a lot of
pressure who looks the most
worthy who looks the most
worthy all right thanks to all of our
[Applause]
contestants thanks everybody who showed
up to the popup shop um thank you
everybody out there for your support I
cannot believe how much love you guys
are giving us for this product we have
Nick came up to me a little while ago
and told me we've already sold through
over half of our inventory of it now so
if you want to get your hands on one now
is a really good time to do it did we
ever take a close look at the at the
actual like case and the bits and stuff
so I I alluded to this before but um
again can someone um toss me I fix it
kit real quick oh perfect here's one
so one of the differentiators for us is
we
maximized the amount of depth for the
skinny part of the shaft it's not a huge
difference but it is a Difference Maker
when you're trying to get into recessed
plastic housings um that was something
that uh we felt was really important for
the design of our multibit we'd like to
do a fixed Precision screwdriver set at
some point in the future because
sometimes you just need more depth and
this is not no multi-bit solution is
going to address that
but we did want to make it as deep as we
could without compromising on the um
like the the strength of it you know uh
what else is there to kind of say about
it oh we were we were really picky about
the strength of the flat magnets that we
used in here oh that's a particularly
heavy bit um this is a what is this a
T25 yeah so that's a Torx 25 so you can
see we can go all the way upside down
with bits in here not all flat magnets
are made equal and in fact our first
shipment of them our first supposedly
production
shipment whether it was the magnet
manufacturer playing games with our case
assembler or whether it was them I don't
know but they weren't strong enough and
we caught that in QA so every unit that
ships to a customer will have the fixed
stronger magnets um we have a we have a
nice magnetic mechanism on the uh the
parts tray detach thing here it's
stackable so if you want it to take up
less space it's stackable and magnetic
just
there's always a lot of little things
that we forget to talk about uh when we
build a product uh it's it really is a
passion product for us and you guys can
find it at LTT store.com it's got oh
it's got our classic magnetic bit uh
it's $29.99 us for the Precision
screwdriver aluminum construction
built-in bit storage um super strong
magnet so we've also got a super strong
magnet on here you can pick up even
large screws or other bits so you don't
have to worry about losing anything as
long as it's feris uh super smooth
action on the
bearing what's up of the bit storage on
the driver oh the bit storage oh yeah
absolutely yeah so if you have just like
if you know realistically I'm only ever
going to need like Phillips 1 Phillips Z
and Philips zero for you know the work
that I'm going to do I just want those
on hand
boom they're in there like that you pop
them out they're ready to go you don't
have to go kind of looking for their
spot in
here and none of these are unique
features they're just features that we
weren't really willing to compromise on
cost for you don't have to put a hybrid
ceramic bearing in something you
absolutely don't um but you
can and you can still sell it for 30
bucks um how much is the the bit set uh
30 bucks the bit set is also 30 bucks so
the whole kit is 60 bucks if you get
both 50 then it's 50 so you get 10 bucks
off okay cool that explains why the bit
sets are selling way better than we
anticipated um we thought we'd have
about a 50% attach rate it's closer to
90% so I think we're going to Gap out on
bit sets before we Gap out on
screwdrivers which is
um too
successful it's a good problem to have
um I think we should probably do a few
more merch messages before we completely
tunee out here yeah that sounds like a
good idea we've had nearly
400 oh neat yeah we are not going to get
to all of them uh but we should
definitely do a few more we've done,
1400 orders uh pants ETA any other new
products coming like sandals or socks oh
pants coming very soon I think uh yeah
already would know yeah dude you work
for the CW team now so he he has been
one of the driving forces along with
Maria our thumbnail artist ironically
but she's also she she's got a passion
for photography um these two and am I
leaving out someone really important
here uh Gary and Sarah help out a lot
with that as well but these guys have
been really pushing our merchandising
forward on the site making sure that our
photos are like really fun and really
engaging that everyone has fun making
them that they do a better job of of
okay I'm going to say selling the
product but that's that's like a dirty
word but of communicating like the
bloody work that we put into these
things um so so Ry because he's working
on merchandising is probably going to
know when are the cargo pants launching
they're going to be later in September
so okay so this month y exactly okay
uhhuh I have already done my photo shoot
for it so inventory is here it's just a
matter of figuring out the right timing
giving these guys enough time to make
sure that they you know build the right
story around them they're a really great
product um I bet I bet there's people
wearing them I bet Tan's wearing them
tinan wears them I don't think ever Tak
every day for the last year they're
really handy they got so many different
Pockets compartments things you can put
stuff on really really good it's really
important to us to have people like
tinan who will religiously wear this
stuff and try to destroy it before we
ever send it to you we found quality
issues in what we thought was the final
product that we had to go back and
rework that would have
been not disastrous cuz most people
wouldn't have ever encountered them
but wouldn't have been good enough for
us um is what I'll say okay what else we
got Dan uh Hey dll bit storage for
fullsize screwdriver bits
when
um oh
tinan oh yeah he is wearing the pants
show me your pants I love it how many
wees do you think these have for you
now probably like 5 or
600 nice days nice yeah so we've this
has been in development for a really
really long time and this is this is
what they look like
patina they're not going to stay looking
like they do out of the box forever they
fade actually they fade a lot but when
we discovered that I and actually a lot
of the other members of the team who
wear them religiously uh Andy's super
into them Andrew loves them we were like
yeah but like it's a feature they look
cool so we decided not to change
anything about the dieser materials cuz
we were really happy with the way that
they faded out so take that for what it
is we could have changed it we decided
not to it wasn't a cost-saving measure
um question for you though um that
magnetic bit holder for the fulls sizee
screwdriver that like sticks onto the
wall is that coming yeah yeah we're
working on it there's we have our first
t0 samples off the molds we have a
couple of modifications we need to make
but yeah what's definely on the
path the silicone holds it too
well okay and we missed one feature in
the cad model that we have to add back
okay all right cool so you'll have it
when it's ready basically yeah all right
what else you got for me Dan
conveniently the whole team is here so I
don't have to make up answers to
anything like seriously there's so many
members in the team here today we got HR
we got business we got business
development we got head of uh head of
Creator Warehouse uh we've got uh
Community Management we've got uh man
I'm there's probably going to be a
question for so that's taana she does a
lot of our like um materials and um how
would you like Material Science
essentially
like raw materials development and like
validation essentially she's been
invaluable which unintuitively in
English means valuable um dude yeah
we've got everyone we've got the
engineering team here we've got uh
accounting here we've got uh product
design for like the fashion team sorry
we got to answer more questions yeah we
got 400 mer matches that's not really a
question uh and speaking of Dan question
uhoh yeah we know all the people that
are around us do you have a question for
any of them or for lonus no I just read
the merch messages I don't write them
why don't you read one
okay this is weird coming from not Linus
hi from Bangalore India first-time
caller longtime fan we see devices
moving away from traditional
repairability features like externally
accessible screws will LTT Labs cover
repair ability I think that in the very
long term that's something we'd love to
do but as part of our and we may make an
entire video about sort of the
realignment that Luke has been working
on for labs uh I think we're going to go
we're going to promise nothing and
deliver what we can deliver that is up
to our expectations um so at some point
that's something that's really near and
dear for us but we're not going to
tackle it until we're ready to tackle it
in a way that is
scalable um and so we've got we've got a
lot of we've got a lot to keep building
is what I'll say dll I used to travel
for business all the time and have
changed jobs since I married I was
teaching the new kid who is on the road
a bunch of travel hacks do you have any
particular
favorites oh I mean I don't know if I'm
going to have anything particularly
insightful but like never check a bag
that's one of the reasons the LTT
backpack is what it is so I can go away
for 2 to 3 days and not check a bag I
can basically just take that and that's
that's it um man I I I love having a
designated pocket for everything like my
passport only goes in the one pass in
the one pocket where my passport goes uh
that has reduced my anxiety by so much
counting Counting is key don't try to
remember okay I've got my steam deck
I've got my backpack I've got my roller
bag remember three I have three things
you will save yourself so many left
behind items that way
um man dude I've got a uh I have a list
that I do for travel so it's got all of
my like things that I should bring
laptop laptop charger you know drugs
glasses earplugs that sort of thing and
then I just keep that saved on a Google
sheet and then when I'm going to travel
I just kind of copy and paste that and I
have a list of stuff I'm taking and then
when I'm packing up to leave I just look
at that list again perfect yeah oh
here's one that might gross you out you
don't have to buy a new travel siiz
toothpaste if you just take your
full-size toothpaste when it's empty and
squeeze the fullsize toothpaste into
it this man's Frugal I love it respect I
don't want any more hack next question
yeah longtime viewer love the channel
lonus if you had to work in it
exclusively what would you specialize
in um I like troubleshooting yeah hell
yeah yeah I like uh respect I I like
figuring out what's wrong with something
and kind of following the failure path
back to back to the source and figuring
out okay can we Salvage this or is it a
write off
um I mean that's that's where the
channel started at the end of the day
love the content sorry love the content
would you consider a video on accessible
Tech or software it's chronically under
reported by Tech media we've done a
little bit in the past we covered the
Xbox um accessible controller back when
they launched it we've looked at some
accessible keyboards and stuff like that
I think the biggest challenge for me is
that I don't want
to it's a balancing act on the one hand
we want to draw attention to it but on
the other hand we don't want to
substitute the voice of the people who
depend on this stuff every day for our
own voice
um so there's definitely ways that we
could tackle that you know elevating
existing voices being in Vancouver it's
not always the easiest to do collabs
like I don't know if you've noticed the
the percentage of collabs that creators
based in places like LA or New York do
it's because the people they want to
collaborate with are 18 blocks away uh
we pretty much have to involve a plane
ticket anytime we collab with someone
who isn't electroboom you know um
there's like there's almost nobody here
so it it does add a lot of cost and it
adds a lot of complexity to it so it's
something that I would like to do more
of but it's something that is has a lot
of challenges that you might not
necessarily immediately recognize do you
believe fewer people are keeping up with
the latest PC Hardware in these last
Generations or was it the previous
generation of the future Generations 980
past 1080 nowish 5080 6080 future I
think that people are getting a little
disenfranchised by the cost of of
computer hardware I think that part of
that is Justified especially when you
look at individual components
incremental increases over the 3,000 or
4,000 but I also think that part of that
is sort of um is sort of not looking
back at the history of how much
computers cost like I picked up a London
Drugs flyer from 1997 or something like
that and I'm sitting there going wow in
1990s dollar yeah a a basic computer
with Monitor and speakers and keyboard
and mouse was like
$5,000
1990s y you can totally still buy a
banging gaming machine and monitoring
keyboard and mouse for $5,000 everything
is always the same price right and so it
sometimes I think we are we are
righteously angry and other or
rightfully angry and other times I think
that we forget where we came from and
how Out Of Reach computer computers were
for people back then by last year's
stuff yeah and and we also I think have
an obsession in our society with buying
things new instead of repairing them and
making the most out of them and that's
something that that that's a big part of
the reason that we even started
scrapyard Wars was to really draw
attention to the value that you can get
out of 300 bucks or 500 bucks or the
most recent uh the most recent one 800
Canadian dollar 700 Canadian 100 US
which is
about about $600 of like 500 in change
it's not a lot of money and we got a lot
of value we got a good gaming tower a
gaming monitor keyboard mouse desk chair
speakers mic the whole thing it can be
affordable um you've just got to be
willing to put in the time you got to
you got to find some passion for it so
we're certainly we feel doing our best
to build that passion and build that
interest but we need some help from the
manufacturers to give us exciting stuff
to talk about Hi l us looking forward to
the screwdriver I work at a very big
company and feel a bit stuck in terms of
professional growth what advice do you
have about growing at a big
company it's tough no matter what I say
it'll be wrong depending on what company
that you work at you know sometimes the
key is make your boss look good you know
get them the promotion they'll take you
with them uh sometimes the key is
go around uh you know cut through the
obstructionist red tape and get stuff
done in other companies it's be a team
player and and play 100% by the rules in
other companies it's it doesn't matter
what you do you'll never be recognized
give up
um I would say that one of the most
powerful conversations you can have in
terms of career advancement though is
here's my offer from someone else are
you prepared to match
it that work just about anywhere and
they might tell you to walk but hey
you've already got another offer right
yeah I'm a technical lead at Big tech
company I love my job but I'm really
struggling to excite my team to do
awesome stuff any tips on motivating my
peers to do more engineering
Excellence oh man look I am not an
expert when it comes to like you know
management books and and team leadership
books or whatever else the only way that
I really know how to lead is
to be infectious um be
enthusiastic um celebrate like way over
the top celebrate when someone does
something really great uh positive
reinforcement is the way forward and
that's not to say that you never have to
have tough conversations when
something's not up to standard but um be
encouraging and celebrate the stuff that
you really want to see and and hopefully
over you'll see more of it sometimes
there's a corporate culture that seeps
Beyond uh can seep into your team that
there's nothing you can really do about
but do your best with it have fun fun is
fun is infectious people want to have
fun uh I want a good e in pixel to exist
do you think it's possible with future
Tech uh not not in with future Tech yeah
maybe we could have like a reflective
display of some sort that has the
advantages of in but just you should you
should watch our video on the color e in
monitor because it
really highlights why good e in cannot
be a thing it they're particles right
they're they're they're colored
particles that have to physically move
to the surface of the display so they
have inertia like you can't move them
fast um
I I don't see a path to like gaming on E
in in its current state what is your
favorite meal your wife makes you for
dinner
oh
uh ooh I don't know about dinner but she
makes a mean crepe ooh blueberry progis
oh that sounds nice they're kind of like
blueberry pie but not sweet get a little
bit of salt on there get that butter get
those blueberries really nice fry fry
them up salt and savory goes well
together yeah not just like a bowl of
cereal uh well my don't mean might need
my wife to cook me that yeah I mean I
think I can prepare that on my own Al
better I do have a thing yeah I do have
a thing where everything tastes better
if she makes it I don't know what it is
it's just there's love in it it's made
with love Yeah trademark scrolling
across your shop somehow a lot of items
I wanted were sold out what's your
long-term plan on the store more
products more stock or keep it Niche
also plans on getting back on the
motorbike we do need to improve our
replenishment processes that's something
yeah that no that's something that the
team is aware of and is working on part
of the reason that the mix is a little
random right now is because we did a lot
of Linus Le development and we want to
really narrow our our focus our
development Focus onto the things that
really mean a lot to you guys we're
doing some like third- party
independently validated surveying right
now it's costing a lot of money but
hopefully it's going to give us some
valuable insight and I think you're
going to continue to see Niche eclectic
things that we just made because we
thought they were really cool but I
think you're also going to see a little
bit more guidance from what sells like I
didn't anticipate that our everyday wear
like our 24/7 line was going to move the
way that it did but a lot of you just
want something that's good quality with
subtle branding um but that you know for
the people who know they know that it's
LTT uh so things like just our basic um
like collared shirts sell incredibly
well so we want to provide more of that
for you guys who need that for your
everyday workware you just want
something that has the trust me bro
guarantee that you know it's going to be
good quality and you don't want to leave
your couch I get it I see you uh oh and
and the motorbike I will definitely be
back on it next
summer all right I got about five more
here do you use an intercom or
headphones while riding or do you go noo
headphones at all uh I have headphones
wired into my
helmet like like like flat um like those
uh what's that brand of like cheap ass
cost I have I have some cost um like
flat speakers that I just like
double-sided taped into my uh helmet I
don't know what our neighbors are doing
but it's exciting they're
banging uh what what superpower would
you like to have the
most um
[Applause]
what would I like to have the most can I
pick a suite of superpowers like can I
pick a superhero sure sure sure
sure see Superman seems pretty goated
yeah but living forever would suck if
you couldn't Grant immortality to people
you like you know yeah yeah that's like
the whole negative
of so like I I wouldn't want live
forever if I can't also live forever
with my
homies Spider-Man's pretty friendly
neighborhood you know that's pretty cool
one extra arm you can't say you want
invisibility without seeming like a
weirdo yeah that's the creepy one do
yeah that's definitely the creepy one
about time freeze you could like
procrastinate you could have a nap oh I
like naps time freeze okay okay end of
season one of Rick and Morty where you
can freeze time selectively
for you and anyone that you want to
freeze with you that sounds cool let's
go with that let's go with that uh tall
sizing
when we have tall sizing of some
products like some of our pants are
available in standard and tall as for
the t-shirts guys I am internally
believe it or not the strongest advocate
for them we're working on them I think
our next restock is going to have tall
sizes very exciting very exciting last
couple is the Retro monitor lamp still
in works uh would love to buy one
someday congrats on the awesome products
sorry about the train yeah I think
there's some certification stuff it may
end up being North America only because
it was going to cost like8 Grand to
certify it for the rest of the world and
I don't think we're going to sell that
many of them so it would drive up the
cost of it very
significantly but it's coming okay last
one I got for you here I have a pre-teen
now what kind of career advice do you
give your own son how hard do you push
academics after school that sort of
thing we push extracurriculars pretty
hard we want them to be rounded we don't
push academics super hard cuz we don't
really know how to they don't really
have grades anymore so like we tell we
always tell our kids I don't I don't
care what the outcome is as long as you
try your absolute best sometimes that
lands sometimes it doesn't as for career
um I don't even know what the point of
talking to a 12-year-old 13-year-old
about career is I didn't have any idea
back then and even if I did have some
idea I ended up doing something
completely different
anyway I kind of want them to find their
path and the good news is they're in a
privileged enough position that they
have time to figure that out I don't
want them to take forever and just like
you know fail to launch but um they've
got time I'm not too worried about it
yet all right that's it that's it all
right well hey thank you guys so much
for tuning into the screwdriver popup uh
thanks to those of you who picked up our
new Precision multi-bit screwdriver uh
shout out all the creators who are going
to be getting some of these uh special
Creator Edition ones and special colors
over the next little bit and
we'll see you in the next short circuit
subscribe to Short Circuit there see I
did the thing I said the thing please
subscribe